this is so cool oh yeah I'm like the
homewrecker oh yeah come on boss is your
meal I found on me Tony for pizza
where's my bottom inside stop where you
are not completely is distressing for
fall asleep where are you okay acting
salon no stay there receipt you ever
everybody here right there you'll just
feel okay okay
very cool laughs why didn't the
scholarship it's supposed to be on the
other side everyone hey no light in here
there now you two good picture pepper
hey I'm taking a movie the movies much
better thanks Siri here for you over
alright thanks guys ok get your to ice
pack heck even Herzog yeah are you
strong here you want some what all that
kids in the frontier us holders on your
face Whiteside put the wayside on your
face it was enough for your bra know
when you only got one set at white side
of the face you get one blue side
anything else I know what you can just
make sure it's room temperature cold
okay there's a twenty-four-hour number
you need anything she could probably
take that gauze out and leave it out ok
it's home just make sure she eats
something soft takes your antibiotic and
repeat medication if she's going to
sleep leave the guys out and keep her
head elevated if she does start to
believe in least you got some extra
stuff they're right on it for a few
minutes NC you know just try to get it
to stop there's a commission of God's
the pain medication just make sure she
eats something before she takes it for
the first 24 hours no spitting rinsing
drinking parashar pop bottles smoking or
drinking alcohol for 24-48 hours she can
start rinsing her mouth tomorrow with
salt water that's all that stuff's in
here everything so good that's pretty
much it farcical all brilliant don't eat
anything you have to go all day with
other you gotta go home any yep no all
right
so last night I know what I'm saying I
just can't say it okay today inside I
couldn't switch with anything which one
yeah food switching from it don't spit
for 24 hours you could start rinsing
tomorrow you can't brush your teeth
today from the back yeah I can't
anything but you can't you can no yeah
she put it there my gosh I shall win and
she's all
Julie this is foot Jack Daniels tips to
you why was it that I got the top one I
don't know broke Oh movie oh yea though
I would just say ice to her face is off
as possible in first 24 hours ok moisty
thereafter swelling bruising usually
Peaks about two or three days after the
procedure she's got some stitches in her
mom stitches that dissolve on her own ok
guard her pain medication sooner rather
than later she's numb right now it's
wears off definitely hit her so ok just
gets up and understanding first maybe a
milkshake or something like that ok I
antibiotic she's going to take till the
bottles I'm totally she's hurting or not
ok I don't need to see her back any
problems any questions and concerns you
make sure you give us a call we go right
back and she ok no problems laser come
by Al Gore a few more things with you
and we'll get you out here shortly what
are so broken thank you how sweet you
take you see why ppl you saw the video I
doctor which pretty cute I like here be
another word hi what should I look like
I look really bad know a lot more boss
but a lot more gauze she took it over
why
I've no gozon right now oh oh god it
felt like yours ready you ready okay I'm
seeing two of everything so I'm a hearty
heart rate is it so okay after this in
the bag he's in the back yeah